0.13 docs update: tutorials (#4127)
garden-io/garden: docs/tutorials/your-first-project/4-configure-your-project.md

# 4. Configure Your Project

With the basic example all set, we can start thinking about your own project. The steps will be similar, and some work
you won't need to repeat.

Garden is a powerful and flexible tool, and there are several things to learn along the way. We recommend the following
to get going:

1. Place the project configuration you created for the example, which will be all set to connect to your cluster, in
   your own project root.
2. Go through the [Using Garden](../../using-garden/README.md) documentation section. This will cover all the key
   concepts, and introduce all the moving parts, including the different action kinds and types that Garden supports.
3. Have a look at the [examples](../../../examples) folder in the Garden repository, which offers several usage examples
   that you can refer to while building out your project.

> 4. Set up your actions, getting them building and deploying.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Configure your actions, get them building and deploying.
```
